I caught it and it was cool,
I want to cause chaos and buy it for you,
Buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you,
Buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you, buy it for you
Fight me for forty-five times
You want to show me everything
His emperor is Daishan
How is it possible
He waits for your risk to happen
I thought it was
You scare me and him
This artillery officer Tsuzori
Your house's deputy is responsible
Maybe your family has a fortune
You really put water in your eyes
just to be